fix(ics20): `PrefixedDenom` parsing (#1178)
cosmos/ibc-rs: .changelog/unreleased/bug-fixes/1177-fix-prefixed-denom-parsing.md

> - [ibc-apps-transfer] Compatible `PrefixedDenom` parsing with `ibc-go`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ibc-apps-transfer] Bring `PrefixedDenom` parsing up to parity with `ibc-go`.
```
